- This isn't an example
for puberty syndrome.
c0000001
I'm showing you this merely
in relation to quantum physics.
c0000002
In here you put in a cat,
c0000003
a radioactive atom
that emits radiation
c0000004
with the probability
of once per hour,
c0000005
and finally a device
that emits poisonous gas when
c0000006
it senses that radiation.
c0000007
Then you put a lid on it
and wait for 30 minutes.
c0000008
You'll see here
we have another box
c0000009
that we prepared 30 minutes ago.
c0000010
- Is this a cooking show?
c0000011
- So what do you think
has happened to the cat inside?
c0000012
Is it alive,
or is it dead?
c0000013
- Since it's been 30 minutes
c0000014
and the poison gas releases once
an hour,
c0000015
it's basically 50-50, right?
c0000016
- To confirm
the current condition,
c0000017
you must take a look inside
the box.
c0000018
Until you open it and see
for yourself,
c0000019
the cat is technically
considered both alive and dead
c0000020
at the same time.
c0000021
- Does that mean it's
the same thing for humans?
c0000022
Until an observer confirms
a person's existence,
c0000023
they don't exist.
c0000024
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000025
[The Peggies' "Kimi no sei"]
c0000026
♪ ♪
c0000027
c0000028
♪ ♪
c0000029
- Going grocery
shopping together
c0000030
makes us look like a couple.
c0000031
- Did you say something?
c0000032
- No, nothing.
c0000033
- All right, well, just remember
that nobody around us
c0000034
is able to see me anyway.
c0000035
- [exhales]
c0000036
Come to think of it,
c0000037
what about the carrot
you're holding?
c0000038
How does it look
to other people?
c0000039
Is it floating?
c0000040
- It's invisible as well.
c0000041
You see?
c0000042
I guess this is what happens
to everything I touch.
c0000043
- Oh, yeah?
c0000044
So what do you think happens
c0000045
if I'm the one touching you?
c0000046
- Is this a sneaky way
of trying to get me
c0000047
to hold your hand, Sakuta?
c0000048
- No, it's just an experiment.
c0000049
- Well I won't do it
for a reason like that.
c0000050
- Uh, actually, I just really
wanna hold hands with you.
c0000051
- [grunts]
Go on.
c0000052
- To be honest, I've never
held hands with a girl,
c0000053
so I'd be honored
if you'd be my first.
c0000054
- That ended up being
a little creepy.
c0000055
But I'll still give you a pass.
c0000056
- [stammers]
c0000057
- I bet you're thinking
naughty thoughts right now.
c0000058
- Yeah, and they're
100 times naughtier
c0000059
than what you would imagine.
c0000060
- [grunts]
c0000061
- Although,
since you're an adult,
c0000062
you're totally okay with that,
aren't you?
c0000063
- Of course.
c0000064
I really don't care
if younger guys
c0000065
have fantasies about me.
c0000066
Not at all.
c0000067
- [gasps]
- Hmm?
c0000068
- [stammers]
c0000069
Seems like people
can still see me.
c0000070
I'm excited to see what
your place looks like.
c0000071
- I won't let you in,
since I live by myself.
c0000072
- Huh?
- In case you've forgotten,
c0000073
we're in the middle
of a fight.
c0000074
- That's because you're
not honest with yourself.
c0000075
If you wanna continue to work
as an actress, then you should.
c0000076
- I told you
to mind your own business.
c0000077
You know nothing about this.
c0000078
- I do know a bit.
c0000079
There was a photo book
that came out in your third year
c0000080
of middle school.
c0000081
Your condition was that swimsuit
photos were off limits
c0000082
but your mother
who's also your manager
c0000083
approved them anyway.
c0000084
It caused
an argument between you
c0000085
and in order for you
to get revenge on your mother,
c0000086
you decided to go on hiatus.
c0000087
But you shouldn't
have done that.
c0000088
- Shut up.
c0000089
- There's no point
in trying to hurt her
c0000090
by also hurting yourself.
c0000091
[smacks]
c0000092
- Shut your mouth!
c0000093
I really agonized over
that decision!
c0000094
I was still in middle school!
c0000095
But when I entered
the studio that day,
c0000096
they had a swimsuit there!
c0000097
They told me I had to wear it
'cause the contract
c0000098
was already signed.
c0000099
So I had to force myself
to smile.
c0000100
The whole time that woman
was only thinking about using e
c0000101
to make more money!
c0000102
- I think that's all
the more reason
c0000103
to return to the industry.
c0000104
- [gasping]
c0000105
Why do you say that?
c0000106
- Because I can tell
you're still resentful
c0000107
about what happened.
c0000108
Don't feel like you have
to hold yourself back.
c0000109
You should just do it.
c0000110
Deep down you realize it, too.
c0000111
- [exhales]
c0000112
You know a lot about this.
c0000113
Who told you?
c0000114
- Huh? Uh...
c0000115
- Don't look away from me.
- Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!
c0000116
During Kaede's symptoms,
c0000117
I met a reporter who
was doing a story on bullying.
c0000118
Ms. Fumika Nanjo.
c0000119
- Oh, I know her.
c0000120
She's done me
some favors before.
c0000121
- Yeah, well, she's interested
in puberty syndrome
c0000122
so she's investigating it.
c0000123
- Sakuta, what exactly
did you give her in order
c0000124
to gain information about me?
- A
photo.
c0000125
Of the scar on my chest.
c0000126
[camera shutter clicks]
- Idiot!
c0000127
Do you want reporters
swarming your house?
c0000128
You let her share
that photo and you
c0000129
and Kaede will never live
a peaceful life!
c0000130
- [grunts]
c0000131
- Now give me that woman's
contact info.
c0000132
- You're so commanding.
You know that?
c0000133
- TV
is more powerful
than you think.
c0000134
[tapping smartphone screen]
c0000135
Good evening, Ms. Nanjo.
c0000136
This is Mai Sakurajima speaking.
c0000137
Sorry for calling so suddenly.
c0000138
Do you have a few minutes?
c0000139
I'd like to discuss
something with you.
c0000140
- Is this about Sakuta?
c0000141
What's your association to him?
c0000142
- He and I go to
the same high school.
c0000143
I want you to refrain
from showing the photo
c0000144
of his chest scar on TV.
- [grunts]
c0000145
- I'll provide you
with another new scoop
c0000146
that you might like better.
c0000147
- Wait, what are you doing, Mai?
c0000148
- [shushes]
c0000149
Sometime soon I intend
to resume my on-camera work.
c0000150
- [gasps]
- But not under
c0000151
my mother's agency.
c0000152
I'll have someone different
representing me.
c0000153
Once I'm back, I promise
an exclusive interview
c0000154
with your platform.
c0000155
- I'm sorry, Mai.
c0000156
- Why the apology?
c0000157
- You said you're going back
to showbiz.
c0000158
- I
just thought more about what
you said and you were right.
c0000159
I really liked acting in dramas
and movies.
c0000160
And I wanted to do them forever.
c0000161
Maybe I started getting symptoms
of puberty syndrome because
c0000162
I kept trying to lie to myself
and bury those feelings.
c0000163
The reason I came
out here tonight
c0000164
was to tell you that.
- [gasps]
c0000165
- Well, it's that and because I
was hungry.
c0000166
- [exhales]
c0000167
- All right, this is my place.
c0000168
- [gasps]
c0000169
It's really close
to my apartment!
c0000170
- Sorry for slapping
you earlier.
c0000171
And thanks for holding that.
c0000172
Oh, yeah.
c0000173
You should hang out with me
on Sunday.
c0000174
- [gasps]
- Once I go back to work,
c0000175
I won't have time
to play around anymore.
c0000176
I've been living here
for two years
c0000177
but I haven't been
to Kamakura yet.
c0000178
- Then that means--
- It isn't a date.
c0000179
- Aww.
c0000180
- So, meet at Enoden
Fujisawa Station at 2:30.
c0000181
If you're even one second late,
I'm leaving.
c0000182
- [exhales]
In the end,
c0000183
it didn't actually matter
what I said or did.
c0000184
Mai eventually decided
everything for herself.
c0000185
The world just spins all on
its own, doesn't it?
c0000186
Whoo-hoo!
[water splashes]
c0000187
- Is everything okay,
big brother?
c0000188
- [stammers]
c0000189
Come on.
Don't peep on me.
c0000190
- But you yelled, "Whoo-hoo,"
and Kaede really wants
c0000191
to be included!
c0000192
- [groans]
c0000193
Huh?
c0000194
A guy's gotta be prepared
for any
c0000195
and every situation possible.
c0000196
- [wailing]
- Hmm?
c0000197
- [crying]
c0000198
- Are you okay?
- Huh?
c0000199
- [gasps]
- [crying]
c0000200
- [grunts]
She's lost.
c0000201
- Where is she?
c0000202
- Hey, I'll help you look
for your mom, okay?
c0000203
So don't be sad.
c0000204
- You will?
- Yeah.
c0000205
- Go to hell, weird pervert!
c0000206
- [groaning]
c0000207
- Now's your chance! Go!
c0000208
- Wait a sec!
c0000209
Who the heck are you calling
a weird pervert?
c0000210
- Hurry and run away!
- You're misunderstanding this.
c0000211
She's a lost kid!
c0000212
I found her crying here
c0000213
and was gonna help her look
for her mom!
c0000214
- [whimpers]
- Huh?
c0000215
- Mm-hmm.
- Oh.
c0000216
- Man, that stings.
c0000217
- Sorry about that.
[embarrassed laugh]
c0000218
- Great, my butt
is cracked thanks to you.
c0000219
- Huh? Is it?
c0000220
Mm, that's how it always is!
- [laughs]
c0000221
- Dang it.
All right, then!
c0000222
I'll make it up to you!
c0000223
Here!
- Huh?
c0000224
- Go ahead and kick me
and that way we'll be even.
c0000225
- Are you actually serious?
- [grunts]
c0000226
- Hurry! I'm supposed
to be meeting up with
c0000227
a friend right now!
c0000228
- I have to meet up
with someone, too.
c0000229
- Then get it over with!
c0000230
- [groans]
Fine, you asked for it.
c0000231
[grunts]
- Ow, that really hurt!
c0000232
[brakes squeak]
- Hey, you over there!
c0000233
- Huh?
- What are you kids doing?
c0000234
- Man, that was horrible.
c0000235
- I should be
the one saying that.
c0000236
His lecture went on longer than
needed because you were staring
c0000237
at your phone.
- I got a text
c0000238
that I had to answer!
c0000239
If I don't reply quickly,
my friends are gonna disown me.
c0000240
- [exhales]
c0000241
- Oh, shoot, that's right!
c0000242
I have to go meet my friend!
- Oh, crap!
c0000243
I'm so late!
See ya!
c0000244
- [breathing heavily]
c0000245
- [panting]
c0000246
Yeah, I guess I expected this.
c0000247
- You've got some nerve
making me wait for an hour
c0000248
and 38 minutes.
You know that?
c0000249
- [gasps]
c0000250
- What now?
c0000251
- The Mai I know definitely
isn't the cute type
c0000252
of girl who would wait patiently
for a man who's running late.
c0000253
You must be an impostor!
c0000254
- So this is how
I'm finding out such
c0000255
a small-minded boy
doesn't think I'm cute.
c0000256
- You could at least use
my name.
c0000257
- I don't think you deserve
that kind of respect.
c0000258
I understand why you
were late now,
c0000259
but is that everything?
- I swear it is.
c0000260
- If I find out you lied,
c0000261
then I'll make you eat
Pocky through your nose.
c0000262
- One stick?
- The whole box.
c0000263
- [grunts]
c0000264
- Hey, why do you look out
for me so much, Sakuta?
c0000265
- Huh?
c0000266
- People don't usually do that
for troublesome girls like me.
c0000267
- I'm pretty sure you don't have
any friends 'cause your thoughts
c0000268
and personality are so twisted.
c0000269
- I want a serious answer.
c0000270
What's the reason behind you
meddling in my business?
c0000271
- I did it because it
was my chance
c0000272
to get to know a beautiful
older girl from my school.
c0000273
- Who told you to speak your
truth so freely like that?
c0000274
- Well, you said you wanted
a serious answer, didn't you?
c0000275
When you're in trouble,
c0000276
I know it's rough when you don't
have anyone else to rely on.
c0000277
Back around the time Kaede had
her bout of puberty syndrome,
c0000278
nobody believed us.
c0000279
- What about your parents?
c0000280
- We don't live
with each other anymore.
c0000281
Our mother couldn't handle
everything that
c0000282
was going on with Kaede.
c0000283
Although, there was
at least one person
c0000284
who actually took us seriously.
c0000285
To be honest,
if I
hadn't met them,
c0000286
I don't think I would have made
it through all that.
c0000287
That's why I was hoping
I could possibly be to you what
c0000288
that person was to me.
c0000289
- It was a woman, huh?
- Huh?
c0000290
- I'm getting off.
- W--What about Kamakura?
c0000291
- Blame yourself
for being so late.
c0000292
It's already evening.
c0000293
- Uh, please wait!
c0000294
[beeps]
c0000295
[waves lapping]
c0000296
- Hey, did you know...
c0000297
If you measured the distance
to the horizon seen
c0000298
at human eye level,
it'd be roughly four kilometers?
c0000299
- Uh...
c0000300
- I'm Shoko Makinohara,
by the way.
c0000301
First name spelled like
"child soaring the sky,"
c0000302
and last name like
the rest area.
c0000303
Mind telling me your name?
c0000304
- I was in my third year
of middle school
c0000305
when we first met.
c0000306
She was wearing
the Minegahara uniform.
c0000307
- Did you apply to be a student
at Minegahara High School
c0000308
because you wanted
to follow her there?
c0000309
- Yeah, you caught me.
c0000310
- And she rejected you.
c0000311
- No, I never got
to ask her out
c0000312
because I couldn't find her.
c0000313
- [gasps]
- No student with that name
c0000314
even existed in
the student roster.
c0000315
I tried to search through all
the alumni records as well.
c0000316
She wasn't there.
c0000317
But still, I know for sure that
c0000318
I met someone named
Shoko Makinohara
c0000319
and her existence saved me.
c0000320
- So would you say you're
in love with this girl?
c0000321
- Yeah, I was in love with her.
c0000322
- Wow, you're the worst
for saying you love
c0000323
some other woman in the middle
of a date.
c0000324
- But you're the one who asked.
c0000325
Besides, I was in love.
It's in the past now.
c0000326
- She's arrived.
- [gasps]
c0000327
Who is that?
c0000328
"To Manager?"
c0000329
Wait a minute!
That's your mother?
c0000330
- I
need to discuss
my return with her.
c0000331
I figured she should know
I'm going to sign a contract
c0000332
with a different agency.
c0000333
- Are you sure you're
gonna be okay?
c0000334
- After I talk to her,
we can continue our date.
c0000335
So wait here.
c0000336
- [gasps]
c0000337
[both gasping]
c0000338
- [gasps]
c0000339
- You're kidding me.
c0000340
- Interesting.
c0000341
I take it you're
the one who called me out
c0000342
to this place?
Who are you?
c0000343
And what do you want?
c0000344
- My name's Sakuta Azusagawa.
c0000345
I go to school with Mai.
- Um, with who?
c0000346
- You know, Mai.
c0000347
- Should I know her?
c0000348
- Seriously?
c0000349
You don't know
your own daughter?
c0000350
- What in the world
are you talking about?
c0000351
I don't have a daughter.
c0000352
Is this a joke?
c0000353
- I should be asking that!
c0000354
The text!
c0000355
The one about meeting
here today.
c0000356
- You mean this?
c0000357
I can't figure out who
the sender is.
c0000358
- [gasps]
- I remember forcing myself
c0000359
to make time to fit
this appointment in.
c0000360
Why did I do that, though?
c0000361
- No, this doesn't make
any sense.
c0000362
Aren't you her mother?
c0000363
How can you forget about
your own daughter?
c0000364
- That's enough!
c0000365
- But why?
We haven't finished talking yet!
c0000366
- Please, stop it.
c0000367
- Go pull pranks
on somebody else.
c0000368
You've wasted enough
of my time.
c0000369
- [crying]
c0000370
- Uh, excuse me.
c0000371
Have you heard
of Mai Sakurajima?
c0000372
She was on that hit
morning drama.
c0000373
- Hmm, don't know her.
Sorry.
c0000374
- [exhales]
c0000375
The results of being invisible
isn't just the loss
c0000376
of being seen,
c0000377
but also the loss
of people's memory of her?
c0000378
- Mai Sakurajima?
Who's that?
c0000379
- [gasps]
c0000380
- Hello?
c0000381
- You really aren't familiar
with that name?
c0000382
- Nope. Should I be?
c0000383
- What about my photo?
c0000384
- I already promised
I wouldn't disclose it.
c0000385
Don't you remember?
- Who did you promise that to?
c0000386
- It was you.
How do you not remember that?
c0000387
- Thanks for today.
c0000388
Later.
c0000389
- Hey, wait!
c0000390
Mai, please, let's go!
c0000391
- What? Go where?
c0000392
- To a city somewhere far away!
c0000393
Maybe we'll find people there
who can still see you!
c0000394
Let's find out.
c0000395
- [shudders]
c0000396
What happens when we do?
c0000397
What's the point of knowing
that no one except you
c0000398
is able to see or remember me?
c0000399
- At least while
you're figuring it out.
c0000400
I'll be by your side
the whole time.
c0000401
- Bold, for someone younger
than me.
c0000402
- It is a date, after all.
c0000403
- All right, fine.
c0000404
If you're saying you don't want
to send me back home yet...
c0000405
We can continue our date, then.
c0000406
- Please leave a message after
the tone.
c0000407
[beeps]
c0000408
- Kaede, it's me.
c0000409
- Big brother?
You're calling so late.
c0000410
- Sorry, I won't
be home tonight.
c0000411
There's an errand
I've gotta run.
c0000412
- Really?
What kind of errand?
c0000413
- Do you remember a girl named
Mai Sakurajima who came by
c0000414
a while back?
- No. I don't think so.
c0000415
- Don't worry, then.
c0000416
There's instant noodles in
the kitchen cabinet.
c0000417
You can have that for dinner.
c0000418
I'll call you later.
c0000419
- In the Gifu prefecture
its population is second
c0000420
to Gifu itself.
c0000421
- What city is that?
c0000422
Ogaki.
It's where we're headed to.
c0000423
- Oh.
c0000424
- They also have tons
of underground water.
c0000425
- Any place with clean water's
good in my book.
c0000426
- Hey, Sakuta.
- Do you need something?
c0000427
- Are you able to see me?
c0000428
- Yep, like always.
- Can you hear me?
c0000429
- Yes, perfectly.
c0000430
- And do you remember me?
c0000431
- Mai Sakurajima.
c0000432
You're a third-year student
at Minegahara High School.
c0000433
You made your TV debut
at six years old
c0000434
and have had many roles sense.
c0000435
Personality-wise,
you're twisted and vague.
c0000436
- Excuse me?
c0000437
- You're so uncertain but you
try your best to hide it.
c0000438
- I don't remember saying you
could hold my hand.
c0000439
- But I wanted to.
c0000440
- All right, fine.
c0000441
Only for a little bit, though.
c0000442
- Uh, do you know
who Mai Sakurajima is?
c0000443
You may have seen her in
a bullet train commercial.
c0000444
- Sakurajima?
c0000445
You're saying there
was an actress by that name?
c0000446
- [grunts]
Never mind.
c0000447
So cramped.
c0000448
- Not surprising.
c0000449
Bath time.
c0000450
- Huh?
c0000451
- You better not peek.
c0000452
- No need to fret.
c0000453
I could easily fill up
three times just
c0000454
from hearing the shower.
c0000455
- [groans]
c0000456
[grunts]
c0000457
- Making a guy writhe
in agony by using sound
c0000458
to fuel his imagination.
c0000459
Typical behavior
of a mature woman,
c0000460
which you definitely are.
c0000461
- You don't need
to tell me that!
c0000462
I'm not dumb!
But seriously,
c0000463
don't start doing
weird stuff out here!
c0000464
- Weird? Like what?
c0000465
- You dummy!
c0000466
Do whatever!
c0000467
- Adorable.
Cutest thing she's done yet.
c0000468
[phone trilling]
c0000469
[receiver clicks]
- Hello?
c0000470
- Oh, hello?
c0000471
Hey, Kunimi.
c0000472
- Do you even know what time
it is?
c0000473
- It's 1:16 a.m.
c0000474
- Exactly,
so why are you calling?
c0000475
- It's an emergency.
I need to ask for your help.
c0000476
- Sure. What's up?
c0000477
- Do you remember Mai Sakurajia
at all?
c0000478
- Huh? Of course I do.
c0000479
- You don't, right?
I should have--
c0000480
wait, you remember?
Are you sure about that?
c0000481
- Yes, I'm sure.
You feeling okay?
c0000482
Is that it?
c0000483
I'm going back to sleep.
c0000484
- Hold on!
c0000485
Would you mind giving me
Futaba's phone number?
c0000486
- Do you even know what time
it is right now?
c0000487
- It's 1:19 in the morning.
c0000488
- It's 21 past.
Your clock's a bit slow.
c0000489
- [grunts]
c0000490
- I see.
c0000491
So when you brought up
puberty syndrome the other day,
c0000492
it was in regards to this.
c0000493
- I wanna know why all of this
is happening
c0000494
and if there might be a way
to fix it.
c0000495
- You're aware how crazy
that sounds, right?
c0000496
- I'm pretty desperate.
c0000497
- You know, according to Kunimi,
c0000498
one of the best things about you
is that you can say thank you
c0000499
and sorry
and help me without pause.
c0000500
Will you be at school tomorrow?
c0000501
- I doubt I'll make it in
the morning. Why?
c0000502
- I was thinking
that school could have somethig
c0000503
to do with this.
c0000504
After all, it seems
like Sakurajima
c0000505
is visible
to the students there.
c0000506
- Good point.
c0000507
- I'll keep thinking about it,
c0000508
but don't get your hopes up.
c0000509
- Thanks a lot.
c0000510
Might not be till the afternoon
c0000511
but I will go
to school tomorrow.
c0000512
Sorry for the late call.
c0000513
[receiver clicks]
c0000514
[gasps]
c0000515
Ah, she already finished
her shower!
c0000516
- What about underwear?
c0000517
- Huh?
c0000518
- I can wear the same clothes
but not underwear.
c0000519
It's kinda strange.
- Mm?
c0000520
- Being in a city
I don't know like this.
c0000521
- I thought you traveled
to all sorts of places for work.
c0000522
- Yeah, but that's just
me being led around.
c0000523
- Oh, right.
I know how that is.
c0000524
- You know what
the strangest part of this is?
c0000525
It's the first new city
I've walked in with
c0000526
a boy younger than me.
c0000527
- In my case, I never thought
I'd travel with a celebrity,
c0000528
let alone the Mai Sakurajima.
c0000529
- What an honor, right?
c0000530
- A core memory, for sure.
c0000531
- [grunts]
c0000532
- I won't forget.
Not ever.
c0000533
- What if you do forget?
c0000534
- I'll eat Pocky through
my nose.
c0000535
- It's cramped.
c0000536
- Are you telling me to leave?
c0000537
- You should tell me a story.
c0000538
An interesting one.
c0000539
- You know who you're asking,
right?
c0000540
Is torturing me more fun
than you're letting on?
c0000541
- I was doing it 'cause you seem
c0000542
to enjoy being bullied by me,
Sakuta.
c0000543
- I'm pretty sure there's no guy
in the whole universe
c0000544
who wouldn't agree
to getting bullied
c0000545
by a beautiful girl.
c0000546
- Is that a compliment?
c0000547
- A five-star review.
c0000548
- I see.
c0000549
Hey, why don't we kiss?
c0000550
- Are you sexually frustrated?
c0000551
- Moron.
c0000552
It's time to sleep.
Goodnight.
c0000553
Hey, Sakuta.
c0000554
- I thought it was time
to sleep.
c0000555
- What would you do
if I suddenly started crying
c0000556
and saying I didn't
wanna disappear?
c0000557
- I'd embrace you from behind
and whisper in your ear
c0000558
that everything
is gonna be okay.
c0000559
- I guess I'll never do that,
then.
c0000560
- Did you not like that?
c0000561
- I don't trust you wouldn't cop
a feel in that situation.
c0000562
I'm returning to work
so there's no time
c0000563
for me to be disappearing.
c0000564
- Yeah, exactly.
c0000565
- I wanna be in more dramas,
do stage acting,
c0000566
and film another movie.
c0000567
I got to know
an audacious younger guy
c0000568
and going to school finally
started becoming fun for once.
c0000569
- I'll absolutely
never forget you.
c0000570
- Is "absolute" even real?
c0000571
- That's why you're free
to kiss whenever you want.
c0000572
And it doesn't have to be me.
c0000573
I think you're capable
of anything, Mai.
c0000574
You're amazing.
c0000575
- You're right.
c0000576
Though unfortunately I'm afraid
you missed your first
c0000577
and last chance
at stealing my first kiss.
c0000578
- Come on.
If you'd mentioned that,
c0000579
I would have gone for it.
c0000580
- [giggles]
Too bad.
c0000581
You know...
c0000582
I appreciate you not giving up
on me.
c0000583
Thank you.
c0000584
- [exhales]
c0000585
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000586
["Fukashigi no Carte" plays]
c0000587
♪ ♪
c0000588
c0000589
- Oh, Sakuta.
You're such a rascal.